docs: Added examples for query strings in net8 (#1389)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: docs/site/docs/providing-input/passing-parameters-to-components.md

}
```

## Passing query parameters (`SupplyParameterFromQuery`) to a component

> Since .NET 6 components can receive parameters from the query string. From .NET 6 until .NET 8 `SupplyParameterFromQuery` also had to be a `Parameter`. The fact that they represent regular Blazor parameters means that <xref:Bunit.ComponentParameterCollectionBuilder`1>'s `Add` can be used. However, from .NET 8 onwards `SupplyParameterFromQuery` can be used without the need to be a `Parameter`. If it used without ther `Parameter` attribute, the <xref:Bunit.TestDoubles.FakeNavigationManager> can be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET 6 and later, components can receive parameters from a query string if the parameter is annotated with the `[SupplyParameterFromQuery]` attribute in addition to the `[Parameter]` attribute. 

In .NET 8 however, the `[Parameter]` attribute is no longer required, which means a value cannot be passed to the component during testing using the normal methods, e.g. the <xref:Bunit.ComponentParameterCollectionBuilder`1>'s `Add` method, if a component parameter is only annotated with the `[SupplyParameterFromQuery]` attribute. Instead, pass a query string parameters by setting it using the <xref:Bunit.TestDoubles.FakeNavigationManager>.

For example: 
```

think this wording is a bit clearer.
